right a very simple trick a lot of the
shinola Manuel talked about leaving
markers so you know which way your
friends have gone through the wilderness
all your teammate now this can be
anything from rice it can be a pain on
branches it can be sticks in the ground
in fact there's a lot of put sticks in
the ground point of certain weight so
I'm going to do is just very briefly
show a very basic idea this I me with
Kevin is on the camera he's going to run
off into the trees and we're going to
set it off as though a self markers for
me to follow so let's go try and find
care so in reality this would be a much
more complicated but the point is is
just to show you you know in a practical
sense so I'm going to be walking on the
path and I'm going to realize that that
stick there is clearly out of you know
if I'm looking for it normally most
people know it but it's actually
pointing this way so I'm going to follow
that I'm going to follow it as far as I
can go just walking along the line as
you can see I'm coming up to another
stick here which is pointing in CC we've
made that one's actually pointed in that
direction so I'm going to follow the
point which is that way of course I get
to I keep traveling along on the same
path welcome to another stick in the
ground which is pointing that way so I
know which way I'm going to go I'm
coming up here and lo and behold do i
see my comrade-in-arms morning Kevin
Ohio House T blended turn around this
her look it's gonna cheer me yeah one
district one band Kevin one does it one
band rock on so there you see it's very
basic and obviously this will be over
miles of land and different places or if
you come to a crossroads then your
friend would be like ahead of you he
would put some in the ground to point go
left at the crossroads would go right
across or you would have the agreement
that you'd swap trip over so if it says
go left you go right and that type of
thing to stop other people following you
so that's it i hope you enjoyed that
also what we've done is we've attached
one of these it's just a piece of cloth
and this is a marker to show that your
mate has been here so you'd make this
out whatever you want probably white so
you can see him at night in the
moonlight so that would be a marker now
to show me that Kevin has gone that way
and follow on behind him however one
thing the monies do say is that if you
want no one to know you've gone in I
have to take these down after I followed
keV if no one else is following me or on
our way back we have to take them off as
well
cat shopping on the internet while we
were meant to be training what could
employ shopping out me and Kev
really basically had a walk round and
togs our ninjutsu tried a bit of a
graphically not and we're doing what's
really English people do drink tea while
you're drinking coming I'm drinking
coffee right Joey English is it heavy so
we're we're here guys and we're just
going to discuss some bits of the third
section so when we're going to stop the
juice neat videos for you just just
we're not going to go mad but do a
little bit of training here in a little
bit of this and see what we can come up
with so I will be enjoying what see you
later
you